So the last thing I want to do is just
show you how to post a plotly directly.
So I created in the last video this GG
plot example, and here it is over here.
It was labeled GG so
if I type GG in the R prompt, it's
going to bring it up in the viewer pane.
But if I typed plotly_POST GG,
then what it'll do is actually
post it to the plotly website.
And at the plotly website
there's all different things
that you can do,
this is the sort of output but
if you click on edit here,
it will give you all different tools to
edit it with their web base
graphical user interface.
So, I think plotly,
it's fairly self-explanatory, but
they also have videos on how to use it and
a lot of tutorials and things like that.
So try exporting a graphic to plotly and
working with their user interface for
playing around with it, changing the axes,
changing the variable names and so on.
The last thing I want to say before
I finish is that, in order for
this to kind of work seamlessly, you have
to set these two environment variables.
If you just look at Google
search on post to plotly from R,
it will direct you to this page,
you basically have to set a plotly
username and plotly API key.
To get your API key, you just go in
plotly to settings and there's and
just copy and paste it from there, okay.
And so, then when you set these two
environment variables especially
if you put those in your .Rprofile so
that they're set every time you start
up R then you won't be prompted for
your credentials.